What about 5 million?
Don't pay it back
Just take it as my apology to you.
Is that okay?
Ah!
Ah, don't pay it back.
Is it really okay?
Yes, yes.
As long as you don't take offense to democracy.
Then it won't be returned.
Okay, then it won't be returned.
Dragon Lord, sorry to bother you.
Then I'll go first
Even Lord Ghost gives you face
What the hell do you do?
It doesn't matter who I am
As long as you marry them to me today
I can keep your Lin family safe for life
Humph
Boy, don't brag
It's great to think there's something to do with it
I also want the forest ranger to be comprehensive
Oh, right.
Didn't you hand over the director of the Nanjing Bureau of Commerce?
Hey man
What's the hurry? He's not a bird and can fly over.
More time
Jinhai is only 40 minutes from the south of the city to the north of the city
It's been 20 minutes
I'll give you another 20 minutes.
If others haven't come yet
Then I declare
Lin Jia
Oh, please don't, Sophie Lord
He was an outlaw.
I don't know how high the world is
I drove him away
Will you spare us?
Our boy, don't brag at the neighbor's house.
Do you want to hurt us? Just go away
Big black morning